# 10things

There are many different skills that come with web development, whether its front end development or even backend development. When it comes to web development, I personally enjoy doing the backend part more since the front end can be tedious. During this class, we went over mostly frontend and web development practices with a little backend work. A big part of Web Development is frameworks. A lot of professional websites/companies use popular environments such as Node.js, Angular or React. It’s another way to build a full stack application but in an easier way due to built in Uis and features. Node.js is an open-source and cross platform environment that executes JavaScript outside of a browser. Node.js is usually for building backend services like Apis. Angular is a TypeScript, open source web application framework while React is a open source frontend JavaScript library. 

As someone who is interested in web development, I tried learning React and Node.js in my free time over the summer since I wanted to gain more skills to help me become a better developer. I ended up not going far due to getting an internship so I never had time to learn it. I have gained more interest in Software development so I work more in the backend, but being a software developer, you need to have both front and back end skills to succeed in the field. I have learned different languages such as Java, Sql, C++, C#, JavaScript, Python and many other different programming languages. 

Overall, those are some different features that we didn’t end up going over in this class but I wish we did! Being able to know some advanced JavaScript, different frameworks and environments, and back end programming are skills I still wanna go further in. Fortunately enough, I will be taking the continuation of this class to hopefully gain those skills and get better at web development and JavaScript itself!
